Updated staking page instructions (#112)
kusamanetwork/userguide: docs/try/staking.md

Both validators and nominators will earn rewards— and may be penalized—proportional to the amount that they stake, with validators having the ability to set some payment preferences.

> For detailed instructions on how to nominate a validator, often referred to as staking, please see the [Nominating page](https://guide.kusama.network/en/latest/try/nominating/) of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on how to nominate a validator, which can be seen as staking your KSM tokens _through_ someone else, please see the [Nominating page](https://guide.kusama.network/en/latest/try/nominating/) of this guide.
```

I wouldn't indicate that nominating and staking are interchangeable. Validators stake, nominators nominate. I do agree it might be confusing for newcomers, but we need to make the distinction clearer, not merge terms.
